#NowPlaying “LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Girl Front”
(There are a lot of distinctive graffitis in Mullae-dong!)
(This character is one of them…)
(And O.E.C imitating the character)
(Graffiti = LOOΠΔ rap batter)
Choerry: You see I got bus strap earrings~~
Choerry: It is full of colorful graffiti here~
Choerry: And JinSoul is doing a photo shoot~
(Choerry asking Kim Lip for help!)
Choerry: Kim Lip~!
Kim Lip: We should not rap any more~
KIm Lip: Cause we will get blamed~
(You will not get blamed, so DROP THE BEAT again!)
Kim Lip: Fans don’t like our rapping!
Kim Lip: So we have to sing~
Choerry: And we have to dance~
Kim Lip: Singing and dancing but no rapping~
Kim Lip: Cause we will get blamed
Kim Lip: Don't do rap~
Choerry: Cause we will get blamed~
Choerry: Get blamed~
Kim Lip: Cause we will~
Choerry: get blamed~
Kim Lip: Don’t make us do rap
Kim Lip: Rap? No no no~
(Kim Lip' s embarrassing point!)
Kikm Lip: The only one who can do rap is JinSoul~
(They summon JinSoul...)
Choerry: Yeah, JinSoul!